Updating link to cloud editor tutorial (#2476)
arduino/docs-content: content/learn/01.starting-guide/03.the-arduino-web-editor/arduino-web-editor.md

![On-board LED blinking](./assets/onboard-led-blinking.gif)

> **Congratulations!** You have successfully programmed your board to blink its on-board LED! You can find more information about the [Arduino Cloud Editor here](arduino-cloud/guides/overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Congratulations!** You have successfully programmed your board to blink its on-board LED! You can find more information about the [Arduino Cloud Editor here](https://docs.arduino.cc/arduino-cloud/guides/editor/).
```

> **Congratulations!** You have successfully programmed your board to blink its on-board LED! You can find more information about the [Arduino Cloud Editor here](arduino-cloud/guides/overview/).

Author: ```suggestion
**Congratulations!** You have successfully programmed your board to blink its on-board LED! You can find more information about the [Arduino Cloud Editor here](/arduino-cloud/guides/overview).
```
